# Portfolio-project
  I started my portfoilo project by laying my HTML file. In my hmtl file I layout my body tag to direct where I am going to put my navigation bar and my navigation tag. Then I layout an unordered list to place my links for my Github page and my LinkedIn page, all inside of a div tag. Then followed by that I create a main section to apply my banner, which is a photo of me. With this a used my image tag to link my photo to with it's jpg link and after using an alt title then I gave it a width and hight to not take up the whole page, this is also inside of my header section. Afterwards I use a P tag for my paragraph of a short summary of who I am and mt interrest as a deveopler, then I follow that with another image but this time of one of my favorite hobbies to do on my spare time. After this I have another image tag but of my first completed project that I have done, It's a quiz at the bottom of this image I provide a link to my Github and a link to my repo, this is inside of my footer section. After creating my html file I created my CSS file to give it some color and to also my image sI have in my html appear onto the sreen the reader is looking at. I start off by locating my navigation bar and giving it a color, grey. Also giving my background a background image to stand out. I was also able to active my hover pointer to hobver over the lnks I have hiding inside my navigation bar, so you have to hover over the navigation bar to see the links. Lastly I created my javascript file short and simple, is used to animte my text, and to control the pointer for the navigation bar. 
portfolio
